---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

#### OpenStreetMap
On open street map this week I decided to update the area around my job. Since my boss's son is opening a new restaraunt in the area, I 
knew the location wouldn't be on any map yet (_especially because it doesn't **officially** open for another month_), so I decided to 
make that my major contribution to the map.  
One of the functions (_or lack of_) I detests in the map is the inabillity to search for locations in edit mode. It would make editing
the map easier, since contributors can search for possibly missing locations, as well as quickly center around an area with missing labels, 
by using previously recorded landmarks. If I can properly word my concern and read the OpenStreetMap contribution and README documents, 
then I very well might bring up this issue in their issues tab.  
My contributions were limited to places I'm familiar with, although there is missing information (_such as the list of additional schools I 
must add to the Park West Educational Campus_), so there is still more work I must do.

#### Zulip
**3/8/2020**  
I've installed the development enviroment for Zulip and have read through their README, Contributions, and Community Guidline files. 
I have been looking through the issue tab, specifically at the "good first issue" labled issues, and I've have only felt intimidated.
I realize I have to become familiar to the Zulip communication tool and their prodect before I can **attempt** any issues. I plan to discuss
with my teammates their thoughts on issues and ask them to explain the chat functions (_since new programs are scary when you don't understand/know
how to use them_). Most unclaimed issues have conversations of 20 messages or mor in the main Zulip repository. This partially comes from 
multiple people "claiming" and "abandoning" working on the issue. It seems questionable if the issues are really _"good first issues"_
but I will learn soon enough.  
My Current Status on Zulip
  * Development enviroment is installed  
    The virtual machine and Vagrant development enviroment successfully installed on my computer
    
  * Possible issues I'd like to claim are none  
     Before I claim issues, I need to understand the product and work enviroment. Although the issue ["Clean way to handle frontend pluralization"](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/1286) 
     seems like a simple and good first issue to both learn about their product and 
     the development enviroment
     
My goal this week will be to understand the beginnings of contributing in Zulip (_e.g. claiming an issue properly_) and to understand
how Zulip product currently works.

---
#### Open Source  
There is a firefox add-on I wanted to create and make open source. It would be used specifically on the [Tapas](https://tapas.io/) website.
This is an web comic site that often encourages readers to pay for stories, but they always have opportunities to get "_free_" money by watching
ads. If I created a clicker to spam the _watch ad_ button, then it could generate enough of the "Tapas currency" to read a comic for free
every 2 hours. If I **could** code this, I'd want it to be accessible to anyone, because who doesn't like free stuff! This would also give
me the chance to memorize the process of creating an open source project.
