---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

#### Covid 19 lockdown
What can I say about the corona virus that hasn't already been said. Prepare for my dramatic complaints!

I'm one of the '_lucky_' few who get to continue working through this pandemic, since restaurants employees for deliveries have been deemed
essential. But, as one would believe, people are afraid to eat out. So, instead of cooking food, I scrub the floors for 8 hours. I also now
only make a third of what I usually make, since my pay is based off of tips. So to say the least, the pandemic has hurt my wallet severly.

The switch to online learning has been less than thrilling. My already short attention span combined with my poor time management and all day
access to a bed has been a devastating combo on my school life. None the less, I continue to try to focus and study hard. In between attending online lectures,
I have to spend time convicing my 90 year old senile grandmother she can't go outside to pick up her **_nonexistant_** pension.

In four weeks, I don't think things will be much different. I think we will still be in lockdown and have to continue to operate remotely.
I doubt the virus will be eliminated, since New Yorkers have a history of not listening to authority (ex. fare beating, stonewall riots, that bar in queens the continued operating at full capacity, etc)
People will definitely be trying to get politicians to lift the ban for the benefit of the economy and our sanity, but the virus will still be a threat.

In eight weeks I believe things could go two ways. 
1. We have a steady lockdown and bring the virus to a non threat level, and we can continue with our normal daily routines with slight caution. 
Supermarkets will be well stocked again, traffic will go back to its heavy flow, and crime will go back to its regular numbers.

2. Us New Yorkers have ignored all warnings. We can no longer treat the infected, and a positive COVID-19 test is the equivalence to a death
sentence. Supermarkets are only at half stock at all times, toilet paper is non existant, our population is cut by half. The end is nigh.

I believe the first is more likely.

---

#### Zulip group project
**[3/21]**
###### Installation
After a long process I was finally able to install the work enviroment for Zulip. I had to first uninstall the clone on my machine. After reinstalling
I had to follow [these steps](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#windows-10). From this point I realize my 
first issue was probably because I didn't run terminal as an administrator, so the symlinks wasn't properly allowed. After finishing and running
the command [vagrant up --provider=virtualbox](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#step-3-start-the-development-environment)
I had the issue of [Text file busy](Text file busy). So I had to uninstall vagrant, since there was likely a bug in the specific version
I downloaded. Once uninstalled, I had to re run the command from before, and set up the entire system. The set up process takes up to 45 min
to run, so this process took a while.

###### Issue
Once the system was set up and ready to use, my groups next step was to understand [our issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/3938)
This took some time. Before anything else we had to take some time to understand the zulip messaging service. When you install the app, there 
is absolutely no instructions on use. After some back and forth with my partners, we were able to open it up and begin using it. (This is another
issue I'd like to propose or work on with the Zulip team. A tutorial on Zulip would be greatly appreciated). The wording on the [issue description](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/3938)
is not clear unless you are familiar with their product. Recreating the issue was difficult at first because of this. But we finally understood that 
the job is to "Allow for automatic replies directly referencing a specific message, when clicking the specific message". We have possibly
located the code which handles this and have begun understanding it. There is no indication where the code may be in the issue description.

--- 

#### Blog Editing
* [Jaredwils- week 1](https://github.com/cchloet/jaredwils-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2020-02-02-week01.md)
* [matter13311- week 4](https://github.com/cchloet/matter13311-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2020-02-16-week04.md)
* [matter13311- week 5](https://github.com/cchloet/matter13311-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2020-02-16-week05.md)
* [MaiteFlores - week 2](https://github.com/cchloet/MaiteFlores-weekly/blob/gh-pages/_posts/2020-02-09-week02.md)

---

#### Wikipedia Editing
* [Danger zone (food safety)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danger_zone_(food_safety))

---
