---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### Installing Zulip Enviroment
**March 15 2020** 
As I write this blog I am installing the [Vagrant environment setup tutorial](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html)
and have hit a couple of walls. Installing Vagrant and VirtualBox was fairly simple. Simply follow the download procedures and set it up.
But _[Step 3: Start the development environment](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#step-3-start-the-development-environment)_
is giving me problems. My system claims to have allowed symbolic links (which can be seen when
I run the command _git config core.symlinks_ it returns true), but when I ran the set up command 
_[vagrant up --provider=virtualbox](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#enable-native-symlinks)_ the setup
failed claiming _Error: Unable to create symlinks.Make sure you have permission to create symbolic links._ **So** I must go through 
[troubleshooting](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#troubleshooting-and-common-errors).  
I suspect the problem was caused by incorrectly cloning the repository when I didnt input the command
[_git clone --config pull.rebase git@github.com:YOURUSERNAME/zulip.git_](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#step-2-get-zulip-code)
and instead wrote _git clone https://github.com/hunter-cuny-ossd-spr-2020/zulip.git_. After running the 
_[vagrant up --provider=virtualbox](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#enable-native-symlinks)_
and conversing with my teammate Maite, I ran the command _git config pull.rebase git@github.com:hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/zulip.git_ and I'm hoping
this solves part of the issue. The [troubleshooting](https://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/development/setup-vagrant.html#troubleshooting-and-common-errors)
sadly does not tackly my issue so I hope to solve it soon with the help of my teammates.

My team (Maite and Gillian) have agreed to work on issue [#3938](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/3938) since the issue seems both manageable
and a good way to understand how the code is distributed. It seems we can only really view and edit the code in the work enviorment using
the virtual machines so I am hoping it supports multiple users uploading from seperate local machines to a single branch. We believe it will
be easier to all work on the branch in [hunter's zulip](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/zulip.git) repository, but if problems
do arise then we will have to work on different issues instead of collaborating on one. 

---

### My thoughts on **Open Source is Not About You**
I very much enjoyed reading this article. It sounded more like an angry rant, rather than an informative piece, which makes the article
infinitely easier to read. I completely agree with the creator when he says people take open source projects for granted and believe all
open source features are a right rather than a privelage. This may be because the definition of open source is so diverse and large that
people take the simplest definition and apply it to all projects, but this is only a the ory. The author richhickey did remind me that
core contributors **do** end up investing alot of time into their projects. Since these people invest so much into the projects, it's **completely**
fair them to want specific rights for their project and appropiate credit. I'm happy I read this becasue it showed me that there are people
that forget these open source projects are created by people who are sacrificing their time and money for the communty's benifit.

---

### Wikipedia
I will absolutely be saving the website for [Wikipedia:A primer for newcomers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contributing_to_Wikipedia#Getting_started)
to reference when finally editing wikipedia articles. It was very encouraging and clear to read, which is how all wikipedia articles
should be written (_and in my experience, generally **are** written_).   
My number one struggle is finding a wikipedia article to even _consider_ editing. I don't know what topics I'm confident in my knowledge to
edit, nor do I know if I should just randomly choose articles to spell and grammar check. But I also feel that my writing skills are _extremely_ 
poor, so I want to avoid grammar checking articles. So I believe my best option is to choose a topic to heavily research.  
Ideally, I'd like to choose a topic I'm at least vaguely informed about, so I'm only looking for new information instead of also trying to 
understand the topic as well. My top choice currently may be the [MTA subway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City_Subway).

---

### My Contributions
I have not made any contributions this week. With the sudden change in schedules and schooling due to COVID-19 I completely forgot
about contributing to things. This is absolutely not an excuse, it is only an explanation.
