---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

#### Kevin Fleming's Presentation
I'm surprised that a organization that creates software for such important clientele would use open source software. Since open source is easily accessible, I would've believed that it would be insecure considering the importance of information it stores. Yet, Kevin made it sound like the best option they had available for both his company's and the clientele's ease of access and use.  
The biggest surprise for me was the amount of open source projects the Bloomberg organization uses and contributes to. I'm not sure why I had the understanding that organizations and companies would use a minimum amount of programs (_let alone open source programs_) in their projects. But Kevin shows that the opposite is true and it is important to get at least a basic grasp on as many programs as possible. Their contributions also range basic user interface changes to additions of concepts that'd allow more versatility in coding languages (_like the addition of abstraction and other object oriented programming tools_). This large range gives me the understanding that there are always opportunities for "_beginners_" like me to make important contributions to many open source projects (_an illusion I hope is true_).

#### Zulip
###### (3/28)
After communicating with the Zulip community about our [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/3938), we were told to abandon the issue and choose another one. The issue had apparently been already solved to an acceptable degree and was considered to be "too old" of an issue to be worth contributing to. I do think this is bad practice to leave the issue open, but is something I still have to discuss with my team members and the Zulip community.  
Our current problem we are having with Zulip is the [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/14377) we had chosen to work on was "half claimed". What I mean by this is that we had posted a "claim" message on the issue, but the message board did not completely register our claim so another person was able to completely "claim" the issue before we could finish the process. We must now look for yet another issue to work on, or ask the other community member to abandon the issue so we can claim it. Sadly the only unclaimed beginner issue we are capable of working on is 2 years old and issues not labled "good for beginners" seemed to be either solved by another issue (_yet remains labled "open"_) or is older than a few months. Finding a new issue will be a process.
