---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

#### Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert
Although I read this article with the understanding that I'd see some controversal points, I did not see any. Buytaert presents his ideas
in a clear article with proper defense. Maybe because I didn't have much of an opinion on his ideas before reading the article, but I more or
less agree with his points. Specifically I enjoyed his definition of Open Source projects being a public good but open source users being a limitied
resource. The way he described it made a lot of sense and it's amusing to see the customer base potrayed as a product rather than a consumer.
Buytaert also explained the 'takers' and 'makers' idea very clearly, which made the remainder of the article easy to read. His analogy of 
the communal dish washing in a house really made the concept clear for me.  
Although he spoke about how difficult it would be, to see a open source project which is completely self governed on a large scale would be
immensily entertaining. I use the word entertaining rather than interesting because in the current state we're in for open source companies,
the likelyhood of a successful self governed project seems unlikely. Like Buytaert says, as the community grows larger, orginization becomes 
less likely.

#### Zulip
At the moment there is not much change in the status of the zulip project both of our merge requests have not been accepted and we
have not heard back from the community yet. Instead we are working on the presentation for Thursday class.  
* [merge 1](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14755)
* [merge 2](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14853)

Happy quarantine!
