---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

_Hey, its been a while..._

#### Tom Callaway's blog
First of all, Callaway organizes the blog post extremely well. By first categorizing the models into existing business models,
he makes the remainder of the post clear and understandable. The way he describes Open Core companies displays his distaste for such a
business model, but I do still agree with the open core values. Callaway makes two very good points:  
  1. By minimizing risks you also minimize rewards
  1. Having customers "locked in" for using your product diminishes the motivation for companies to improve their product   
and both these points are a result of the company, rather than the business model. Ideally, in America, companies would listen and respond
to their customer desires, without a neccessary push from their users. Sadly, this is not the case for many companies in general, so I would not
expect a open core company to be any different. In the end, I do agree with Callaway that we need companies to make a transition from 
open core to open source. This will benefit both the company and the users, but will involve more labor on the company's end of things. Because
of this extra labor, I do not see this large shift happening any time in the immediate future.

#### Working with an Open Source Company
Working for a company that **only** produced open source software would be intimidating. Open source relies heavily on user feedback and
sometime even contribution from unmonitered individuals. I would imagine it would be stressful having to deal with a community outside an
office. I also _immediately_ think back to Kevin Fleming's story of the intern who publicly posted code she wrote for his organization.
Stories like this lead me to believe that I would eventually face problems like this, where people use stolen code, which could hurt
the company.  
If the previous paragraph is just me overthinking things, then yes, I would be interested in working for a company that solely produces
open source. It broadens the target audience and gives more user feedback, which lets me adjust my focus properly. Although the job
seems like it would be taxing, it also seems very rewarding, so it is something I would absolutely try!

#### Thoughts on "Election fraud"
Immediately after beginning this reading I had two opposite thought; "_YES! Lets improve the voting system, and allow modern day technology
to shine_" and "_Oh no, baseing the ballots on an open source system is just going to lead to public scrutiny_". Towards the end  of the 
article, I was delightfully affirmed that government officials were well aware of the scrutiny and had plans to rigorously test the system
before presenting it to the public. This article actually makes me excited for when they can put out a finalized product. I am also glad
that they made it clear that although they are looking for contributors, it is a intense project that requires above entry-level skills. 
This clear distinction shows me that this is a project that I can't contribute to, but I can continue to read about it and look out for it.

#### Zulip
After our group presentations and meeting with the professor, the Zulip team and I buckled down and really started making progress on
the zulip project. Our first [pull request](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14755) has passed all of the tests and is now just awaiting
merge approval. This pull request shows the keyboard shortcut to disply the user profile whil hovering over the avatar. This issue took 
us a while to solve, despite the solution being short, because we first had to understand the zulip orginization scheme for files. After
the solution was proposed, we were asked to clean up the commit history and remove some accidental changes.  
Our [second pull request](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/pull/14853) for [issue # 14579](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/14579) 
was just made today. Although the code works and is complete, we must add some 
[node test functions](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/zulip/blob/issue14579EDIT/frontend_tests/node_tests/upload.js)
in order to demonstrate its functionality. We will continue working on this and hopefully have it done by tomorrow.
